Add the "send emails from a service" tutorial (#7858)
ballerina-platform/ballerina-dev-website: swan-lake/integration-tutorials/send-emails-from-a-service.md

        "dob": "1940-03-19",
        "ssn": "234-23-525",
        "address": "California",
        "phone": "8770586755",
        "email": "johndoe@gmail.com",
        "cardNo": "7844481124110331"
    },
    "doctor": "thomas collins",
    "hospital_id": "grandoaks",
    "hospital": "grand oak community hospital",
    "appointment_date": "2023-10-02"
}
```

2. Extract necessary details from the request (e.g., hospital, patient, doctor, etc.) and make a call to the hospital backend service to request an appointment. A response similar to the following will be returned from the hospital backend service on success.

```
{
    "appointmentNumber": 1,
    "doctor": {
        "name": "thomas collins",
        "hospital": "grand oak community hospital",
        "category": "surgery",
        "availability": "9.00 a.m - 11.00 a.m",
        "fee": 7000.0
    },
    "patient": {
        "name": "John Doe",
        "dob": "1940-03-19",
        "ssn": "234-23-525",
        "address": "California",
        "phone": "8770586755",
        "email": "johndoe@gmail.com"
    },
    "hospital": "grand oak community hospital",
    "confirmed": false,
    "appointmentDate": "2023-10-02"
}
```

> 3. Call the payment backend service to make the payment and retrieve the reservation response which will have a payload similar to the following. If the payment is successful, send an email to the user with the appointment details.

Author: ```suggestion
3. Call the payment backend service to make the payment and retrieve the reservation response which will have a payload similar to that shown below. If the payment is successful, send an email to the user with the appointment details.
```
